Mission destination ding (#10727)
endless-sky/endless-sky: data/_ui/tooltips.txt

tip "Show parenthesis"
	`Toggle parenthesis around the trade prices in the ports map mode.`

> tip "Play ding on destination"

Reviewer: ```suggestion
tip "Notify on destination"
```

> 	`If you enter a system with a planet you must land on for a mission, plays a ding.`

Reviewer: ```suggestion
	`If you enter a system with a planet you must land on for a mission, plays a notification sound.`
```
